a lot of people didn't like the study I
cited last time and that's my fault the
study I used just wasn't that great but
either way glucosamine and chondroitin
are really well studied knee
osteoarthritis well glucosamine and
chondroitin are superior to a certain
extent meaning of the things that you
can get without a prescription it ranks
very highly people with jaw pain and
clicking experienced improvements in
function and symptoms there are even
studies like this that show Improvement
in heart attack risk and stroke risk
which I didn't even know flexi joints is
not going to cure all of your ailments
but it will in the very least give your
body the tools to at least build killer
joints just remember that all the
supplements in the world can't help you
if you don't first start with the hard
stuff the easiest entry point for me was
stretching so start there stay flexi.co
has some free ebooks that you can try
and of course flexi joints stay flexy